update custom webview example to use RNC webview (#3069)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/custom-webview-android.md

While the built-in web view has a lot of features, it is not possible to handle every use-case in React Native. You can, however, extend the web view with native code without forking React Native or duplicating all the existing web view code.

:::info

> The React Native WebView component has been moved under `react-native-community/react-native-webview` as part of the [lean core effort](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/23313).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React Native WebView component has been extracted to `react-native-webview` package as part of the [Lean Core effort](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/23313).
```

Thanks for the updates! 👍 Just one more, small wording tweak.

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer 2: I would add a note like:

```
:::info
The React Native WebView component has been moved under `react-native-community/react-native-webview` as part of the [lean core effort](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/23313).
That is the recommended way to use WebView in React Native as of today. You should not use the [WebView](https://reactnative.dev/docs/0.61/webview) component as that was deprecated and removed from React Native.  
:::

## Native Code

> This example assumes you already have [react-native-community/react-native-webview](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview) installed, if not please follow their [getting started guide](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview/blob/master/docs/Getting-Started.md) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
This example assumes you already have [`react-native-webview`](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview) installed, if not please follow their [getting started guide](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview/blob/master/docs/Getting-Started.md) first.
:::
```

Let's use the package name there and wrap the sentence with note admonition. 🙂

Author: Done
